:memo: update docs on batching modes (#629)
vllm-project/vllm-spyre: docs/user_guide/configuration.md

This parameter should be tuned according to your infrastructure, it is recommended to set it from `1024` to `4096` tokens and it **must** be multiple of the block size (currently fixed to `64`). For convenience, when using the model `ibm-granite/granite-3.3-8b-instruct` with `tp=4`, vLLM-Spyre automatically sets `max_num_batched_tokens` to `1024`, a value known to produce good hardware utilization in this setup.

When running in chunked prefill mode, the `vllm:kv_cache_usage_perc` metric will report the correct kv cache usage on the spyre cards of all currently running requests.

#### Prefix caching

When running in chunked prefill mode, prefix caching can be enabled with the `--enable-prefix-caching` CLI flag. An overview of prefix caching can be found in the [vLLM official documentation on Automatic Prefix Caching](https://docs.vllm.ai/en/latest/features/automatic_prefix_caching/#limits).

> Prefix caching works mostly the same as in upstream vllm, with the caveat that because prefills must happen in fixed-size chunks we can only effectively decrease the number of chunks in a prefill if an entire chunk is available in cache. Therefore workloads are expected to see a slightly lower prefix cache hit rate on spyre cards than on other accelerators.

Reviewer: A bit shorter:

```suggestion
Prefix caching mirrors upstream vLLM, though the requirement for fixed-size prefill chunks means the number of chunks in a prefill is only reduced if an entire chunk is available in cache. Therefore, workloads may show slightly lower hit rates compared to other accelerators.
```
